Pon what should foreigners never do in
the UK I'm going to get sued now there
should be a lane for the fast Walkers
and the slow Walkers don't just stay in
a group of tourists where sheep have
been attacked and killed and lambs have
been killed or cows have been let out
and the con caruse Stampede Zoomba on a
scooter and steal it crime do you think
you know how to act in the UK Maybe not
today we're asking British people what
foreigners should never do here their
answers make shaku let's find out and
where in the UK do you live in card
Newport nice okay and today's question
is what should foreigners including
tourists not do in the UK when they're
here never
spit you see a lot of people spitting
sometimes don't you I think that's yeah
that's a definite no no what about you
we were just talking about this me
instead of staying in sort of isolated
groups nice to walk around see everyone
and nice and mix so they shouldn't just
stay by themselves they should go out
and try to interact with with British
people yeah yeah don't just stay in a
group of tourists and go around together
but sort mix in awesome fantastic
anything else come Cardiff nice if
people go to Cardiff what do you
recommend that you do in Cardiff go down
the bay there's lots of nice things to
do down there got Museum we've got a big
castle nice shops friendly people nice
yeah you're defin friendly fantastic
where you from from London lived in
London your whole life no I grew up in
Cambridge moved back here like 8 years
ago what should foreigners never do in
the UK walk slowly in front of me
especially on Oxford Street there should
be a lane for the fast Walkers and the
slow Walkers like getting stuck behind
them it's nightmare is anything else
that comes to mind no it's literally
just that irritates me so so much the
slow Walkers yeah and like at tube Gates
and stuff have your card ready that's
what it's there for born and bread in
the UK yeah yeah yes we are London
London is London so I say don't waste
your money going to Madam two swords why
did you say don't go to Madam two swords
it's really
boring yeah what's boring about it the
wax Works aren't very good okay I'm
going to get sued now okay so where do
you recommend they should go if they
come to London or anywhere in the UK so
the art galleries are just phenomenal
the park like St james' Park is just and
that's free and lots of it is free like
the art galleries this place you can go
into for nothing the tap Gallery British
museum is British museum have you been
there yeah very good it's all for
nothing and so there's so many things
you can do for absolutely nothing in
London that are just brilliant so do
those okay let's check which way the
tube's going before they get on it I
have a few friends that have done that
and ended up in the wrong P of London
and where you from Gilford sorry nice
cool so the question is what should
foreigners never do in the UK I would
say the main thing don't clog out the p
ments don't just stop in the pavement
it's
annoying listen never come up to me and
ask me where the Mr Bean statue is yeah
I'm not trying to hear all
that crime yeah I guess that's it I
guess yeah crime and walking slowly but
that's everyone okay well I think
tourists should have a separate Lane to
walk along on the pavement so they
didn't delay people who are on their
lunch out and need to be in a hurry okay
fantastic thank you so what should
foreigners and torist not never do in
the UK predict the weather what do you
mean by that never assume never look at
a weather and assume it's going to be
hot tomorrow because you never know what
you get okay so how should you prepared
for that then you can't predict the
weather I don't know just be ready for
whatever okay it's a good one so where
you from Ed London London morning in
bread no born in Gilford question is
what should foreigners never do in the
UK down and night pairs on the estimator
in the tube cuz that's really annoying
anything else comes up I I think we're
pretty chill people I think we're like
we're quite forgiving so I don't know
you can do anything that wrong whereas
like I think other countries you can
like I went to Japan reason you can do a
lot wrong there and people judge you but
here I think we're pretty light sh so I
think we're okay and where you from s
I'm from the OA Dales the OES nice so
what is something the foreigners
tourists visitors should never do in the
UK well if they're visiting um the dals
they shouldn't leave gates open they
shouldn't walk with dogs off leads
because they can attack the sheep and
and let the sheep and cows out and that
is a complete no no in rural areas have
you had any really bad experiences of
people doing that and what happened I
know other Farmers that have where sheep
been attacked and killed and lambs have
been killed or cows have been let out
and the can cause Stampede yeah that's a
serious issue well thank you so much
thank you thanks be nice the same as
everywhere everyone around the world
should be nice yeah yeah think to the
law have integrity When in Rome do as do
as you do when in Rome okay thank you
have a good day what should foreigners
never do in the UK I know whatever they
like really whatever they like yeah so
you don't think there's anything in
terms of behavior or so that they
shouldn't do yeah not commit crime or
anything hurt people yeah it's yeah okay
that's right cool fantastic where are
you from in the UK UK London London
Shepherd's Bush what should foreigners
never do in the UK always order chips
and not ask for fries if they're
American of course makes them sound like
a native yeah and they shouldn't walk
about with big Maps because then they'll
walk into everybody just stop and ask
politely the
[Applause]
[Music]
way it's a good plus it's a way to
strike up a conversation with people if
you ask them for directions right yeah
it depends who you're asking but it
you're quite right yeah where you from
in the UK West London okay born and
raised I lived in the countryside when I
was a kid but yeah mostly London what is
something that you think foreigners
should never do in the UK be rude I like
that I just went to Japan in the summer
and it's you know we were so
conscientious about the manners there
and and they have really strong manners
and it it's really clean and it's really
so it would be nice if we could
instigate that a bit here just like yeah
consider of other people yeah exactly
looking after each other a bit
more talk to old ladies yeah why why
should they not talk to you oh
God anything else that tourist shouldn't
do or foreigners shouldn't do when
they're in the UK litter litter yeah of
course that's a good one yeah don't ask
me too
drunk that's what they should do that's
what we entice Taurus here to spend
money to help help the British people
I'm sh they're all British I know okay
but uh yeah so they shouldn't sit on
their wallets exactly benefit the
country okay you anything that comes to
mind that tourist or foreigners
shouldn't do when they come to the UK
behave themselves that's what they
should do and respect our rules and rs
great fantastic thank you so much no
problem thank care what should they
never do I think foreigners when they
come to London they shouldn't take
pictures of uh you know public transport
stops or uh they should walk faster when
they're in public transport because you
know that's disrupting everybody else so
I think that's what they should do just
walk faster and use apps okay that's
what we have them that's for yeah okay
cool thank you so what should they not
do in the UK talk about brexit okay why
is that well I think I might be rubbing
our noses in it a little bit perhaps
hasn't gone the way most people
anticipated it would go whether you are
for or again it hasn't delivered what it
should have delivered thank you as B is
living in the UK I think you live in the
UK right no they're
visitors well as visitors what do you
think fers should not do when they're in
the UK yeah I think should not be in
polite yeah they should just embrace the
feeling of being in the UK because it
does have a very special atmosphere
what's special about it for you the
culture the buildings the public
transport colleagues
people all right where you from in the
UK Southampton nice BN and bread B and
bread so today's question is what should
foreigners never do in the UK I reckon
if you're in London or big city don't
walk around with your phone out cuz
someone will zoom bar on a scooter and
steal it
yeah and else that comes to mind no just
be careful I'm here with Meg Meg and you
have become a BRI citizen yes I've been
here 20 years 20 years okay nice when
did you become a British citizen I about
2013 so given that you've learned a lot
about living in the UK what's something
that as someone who used to be from a
different country but now is British
that a foreigners shouldn't do in the UK
they should not stand on the left going
down the
escalator right have you experienced
that did you made that mistake I have
never made that mistake yeah when you
first moved here
maybe okay what else have you learned
not to do don't say pants right pants
means something else that's a good one
that's a good one that's a good right
cuz we say trousers anything else let's
see bathroom versus toilet yeah I I
spent the first few years of my life
trying to find um
cilantro in the supermarket do you know
that what do you call that here what do
we call cilantro coriander coriander
okay what's the most surprising thing to
you about the UK how amazing and lovely
the people are man let's see how good
the food is really yeah which food is so
amazing in the UK that's British not oh
there we go well I think the influence
of other countries is very good okay and
what do you like least about the UK the
lack of sunshine telling yeah yeah yeah
where you from in the states New York
New York your your Winters are similar
to to yeah it's colder yeah what do you
miss most about New York h not much
anymore yeah okay what made you decide
to come to the UK I wanted to work
abroad and I met an England English guy
and so I now have English children
British children oh can I tell you what
else I like about the UK I like the
football how it works with the tears the
relegation and the promotion yeah
because in Bol nobody gets reneg exactly
and you you get it by getting like the
draft pick the next year if you're like
the worst team you get the best draft
pick that's cool thank you so much thank
you okay how long have you been in the
UK I've been in the UK too long I I
think like 30 years too long and you're
a naturalized British citizen yeah cuz
I'm actually French African okay and
then Kim y child and then got my British
citizen Sho cuz my parents deserve it
all right so the question is what should
foreigners never do in the UK is still
British people the truth about
themselves cuz they can't take it that's
the problem with British people they can
see everything that's wrong with
everybody else except themselves when
you tell them the truth about them oh
God you're going to have an enemy you
know for Life unless you really care but
my attitude is Jesus came to Earth never
offended anybody and yet a lot of people
didn't like him so my thing too is I
don't expect to have friends I don't
care you know my friends and my family
we can insult each other and give us an
hour we'll make up British people no
they will make it a personal
War because you told them the truth
about themselves you know they will
criticize the Irish they will criticize
Italians they will criticize that but
the British themselves undereducated
don't know your geography too well
you've got the lousiest quickest school
system is a Wonder a lot of them fail
GCS is at all levels yeah with pon bear
peted what should foreigners never do in
the UK I must say it's very kind of you
to ask about proper manners in the UK as
a bear who spent lots of time in London
I can offer tips firstly one should
never jump the queue Brits love queuing
and it's considered rude to skip ahead
it's really just about being patient and
polite you see secondly if you're
offered a cup of tea don't refuse it
outright a good cup of tea is
practically a National Treasure and it's
a lovely way to bond with people here
you might even try it with a marmalade
sandwich though I suppose that's more my
specialty lastly never steal especially
marmalade sandwiches I hope these tips
help and do enjoy your time in the UK
always keep a marmalade sandwich handy
just in case hi everyone my name is C
and I'm embarking on an exciting
challenge going for 600 subscribers to
10,000 subscribers in one month I need
your help to achieve this I am a
YouTuber I make great exciting videos
traveling asking people about Hot Topics
you can check out my videos subscribe
follow share and like let's hit this
target of 10,000 subscribers in 1 month
together we can do this let the internet
unite and let's make this happen